README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

15 whitelist tags used in new post (#24)
* Closes #2, simple authentication

* Closes #1

* Closes #7, commenting available

* Closes #7, new comment requires authentication

* Closes #11, PostProps modified! New posts possible with html (#12)

* new example posts

* Register no longer hard coded to options (#13)

* Closes #14, password stored as salted and hashed. (#22)

* 20 freeform html to controlled inputs (#23)

* Content chopped to html tags

* Use UUID

* Block division

* Post

* The rest of the code

* Report

* Clean content and users

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Create NextAuth secrets

To enable authentication, you need to create a `.env.local` file in the root of the project with the following variables:

```bash
NEXTAUTH_SECRET=<your_secret>
NEXTAUTH_URL=http://localhost:3000/api/auth
```

The secret can be anyt string you want, but it should be long and random.
Additionally you can add Google OAuth credentials to enable Google authentication following the instructions in the [NextAuth.js documentation](https://next-auth.js.org/providers/google) and adding the variables:

```bash
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=<your_google_id>
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=<your_google_secret>
```

That is all the set up necessary to get started with this project.

### **Everything else is sandboxed and ready to be used.**
